- The players entered the wizard of wines fermenting room and encountered an evil Druid and an animated wine elemental. 
- The combat began with [[Harvester Aibrek]] and [[Dr Aescul Nevermore]] at the door entering the winery and with the two rouges [[Christopher Kane|Batman]] And [[Emerson Biggins Jr]] on the roof. The first round was moslty learning what the enemy’s do and the mysterious staff that the Druid had. 
- The combat started off relatively well, the wine elemental missed a round of attacks because it was too far away from any players, everyone did some damage to the elemental and took cover
- Eventually [[Emerson Biggins Jr]] and [[Harvester Aibrek]] were near the druid and it cast eurupting earth downing both memebers. 
- 2 wereravens came in to help, and started unloading crossbow bolts into the wine elemental. 
- Shortly after [[Dr Aescul Nevermore]] was swallowed by the elemental and knocked unconscious. And [[Christopher Kane]] engaged the Druid.
- The Druid was killed by a wereraven and [[Christopher Kane]] finally broke the staff of guthans and the elemental was no more. 
- At the every end of the fight [[Harvester Aibrek]] failed his last death save and was no more
- Davin the owner of the winery explained some of its history and revealed that him and his family are wereravens and a part of [[Keepers of the Feather]]. He gave the Party 100 gold, the [[Rope Caster]], [[Bell of Alarm]], and a pair of [Sending stones](https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/5402-sending-stones). Davin said that the players were free to take a cart of wine to [[Krezek]] as promised but that he still needed their help to retrieve a gem from the druids that his family required to keep growing grapes at the winery. He said that if the players helped they would be considered allies of the [[Keepers of the Feather]].